start
The age of adults has changed
You have no martial arts ethics
You are Angie
You said there are no rules.
How can you blame me for having no martial arts ethics?
Besides, he lost and his life is mine
I just disposed of it in advance.
That works too.
Although this rascal method is not even martial
But he also won the first game
Do you admit defeat?
Oh, dear.
Hey, I won this game for the greater
Why don't you congratulate me?
Ah, your majesty is martial
Your Majesty Yu Ming
Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya
handsome
Aftertaste of Aifei
Don't talk about these useless
I have a fourth
Compared to what?
This grandson is carrying a lantern to the toilet to find shit
Hey Lao Tzu high marks
How dare you compete with arithmetic
Who are you going to send to fight?
His Majesty's subjects are not good at taking
You can't do it either.
That won't help me raise you
Plug it in and ask to be killed after autumn
Your Majesty is wronged
You are wronged, you are wronged, you are wronged
If you can't go up, you can't go down. I will be righteous.
Shi Wei material all day long
Fly Camp Dog
Why should I keep you?
Drag it out, His Majesty killed Li Chunshan
We have no one left
Isn't there a queen?
Your Majesty's concubine can't do it?